See me.
Walked his own path and changed our lives through his humor, unique gifts and talents.
100% fulfilled happy being!
Her beautiful heart will shine on forever.
A lover of this place.
On behalf of your loving friends.
He had a good run.
Think.
May we all enjoy playing freeze-tag forever.
And the many happy hours she spent here.
If I shouldn’t be alive, when the robins come, give the one in red cravat a memorial crumb.
If I had a property my good dog milkshake, I’d get a gate and let him chase a hundred million squirrels.
Brothers who shared dreams and brought love, joy, food, and humor to a wide swath of family and friends.
We have lived through all ages, through all times.
Happy birthday.
Who loved his family and medicine.
Who enjoyed the treasures of here, with generations of family, friends, and dogs.
Share the celebration of enjoying.
We come to this place for birdsongs, sunsets, for some days and snowy days and spring, to watch the skateboards and the swings, the trees against the sky… and to follow the river to the sea.
Spent countless joyous hours in here for over 58 years with her husband, children, grandchildren, and others, dear to her.
The overwhelming and enduring truth is that, by protecting and defending the rights of others, we protect and preserve those rights for ourselves, and our loved ones.
Who spent many happy hours in this place.
Parents who taught honesty, curiosity, and love of nature. Through the returning seasons, may I walk. With due about my feet, may I walk. With a beauty all around me, may I walk.
She chose joy.
2Honor her and remember how she taught us to sit still.
Who loved us and life and nyc.
Husband, Father, Grandpa, Papa, Seepa.
He loved this place and neighborhood for 60 years. With love from his family.
Beloved husband, father, and friend. Accomplished mystery novelist and prolific wordsmith who loved this place and all of its dogs.
Held court here and photographed the beauty of this place, the birds, and the babies.
Here he sat and sunned and sketched and absorbed.
Who loved this place and neighborhood.
Who created the sanctuary of home for his family and fellows.
With a sincere and eternal nazdar. To read the papers, listen to polkas, and dream of ten pounds of $20s.
20 years of inspired, inspiring leadership.
Who spent countless hours in this place with his family and beloved dog.
He walked this way, and hated every minute of it.
For what they gave our neighborhood… they loved life, family, friends, food, wine, art, And this place. Always our treds!
Her commitment to public service benefited countless upper west siders
A writers, bench of my own, I placed to plan more adventures as I guess upward to the windows of this captivating city.
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.
Who walked this way together, and remain in our hearts.
Who filled my life with music, love and laughter.
Taught us to love. Love your nieces and nephews.
They brought him here to play. Right now bring her.
From devoted friends.
Bird fancier, mother and grandmother.
With great and enduring love.
Each of our lives will always be a special part of the others. 
Please sit here. Our bench likes butts.
Protector of nature, she has returned to the river. That is her home.
Friendship, kindness, smiles and love forever!
Let us learn to dream… then perhaps we shall find the truth.
The first 10 years.
Congratulations on your retirement. Now it’s time to relax and enjoy the view.
In celebration of an extraordinary man, whose passion for life, fantastic sense of humor, boundless, curiosity, and integrity will guide an empower us every day.
I never learned how things were done, or what I was supposed to feel, I am forever inventing the wheel.
Superb artistry, brilliant, mind, lover of beauty, disarmingly unpretentious, always ready to laugh.
You are the real boss.
I married my best friend. Happy 10 year anniversary. I can’t wait to celebrate 100 more with you. I love you.
Who enjoyed walking in this place with our dog.
Our kind, sensitive, brave, inspiration to share your smiles, laughter, dancing, love and hugs
Who is practically perfect in every way. She traveled the world, but loved the city the most. Take a seat and feel her spirit.
Still crazy love.
Share this with you.
Place by the river.
For his love.
Who loves the sun. May it shine gently on him always
In celebration of an extraordinary man, who is unparalleled humor, infinite generosity, and courageous spirit lives on. For watching ships roll in.
Good morning New Jersey, good morning here meets the lonely coffee club.
Saluting the volunteers.
A place to rest, to be together in peace.
Our two suns.
Who loved few things more than a walk in this place. From his wife, who will always walk beside him.
An extraordinary son, brother, uncle, partner, friend, miniature schnauzer owner, and lover of all dogs.
Beloved son, and brother. Always with us, always in our hearts.
What do you see?
Love to beyond words, missed beyond measure.
Inventor, robotics pioneer, animal, lover, funny, thoughtful, son of latvia, one of a kind. We love you to the moon and back.
Historian for young readers. Husband for 32 beautiful and treasured years.
Our angel, fluffer-nutter, joy. Now sore with your dazzling wings, feel our love with you always.
Our little stargazer. Now, we look up to the heavens and trust you are returning our gaze.
Beloved companion, teacher, and muse. Our walks together here, a glimpse of heaven.
I love you longer than it took the Cubs to win. Yours forever.
Not of an age, but for all time. 
On her 75th birthday with love. Hey look, it’s New Jersey!
I look at you, and I would rather look at you than anything else. Except for maybe this view if only, of course, you’re here looking too. I will never stop loving you.
Thank you for the many adventures so far will you join me on the next one? Please say yes.
She greeted these trees with joy, fill these environs with love, and is now gathered with the Saints by the river. 
In honor, and his sportsmanship.
With our phone gratitude, for being a beacon of light amid the dark days of the Covid pandemic.
Holding hands, side-by-side, as we all remember them.
Whose visits to children and grandchildren always included time spent here.
Treasured each other’s differences. You the world traveler, and me the writer and poet.
Who likes to remind us in a world that often felt chaotic, everything is under control.
Wife and mother and friend.
A great son, brother, uncle and friend. We miss you very much.
And it seems to me that I see a light from where I ran away when I was followed from where I will return to this life
You came here alone in 1953. You found each other. You built Asian House and raised a loving family. May you rest together peacefully. We miss you and we love you.
She loved this place.
I’m with you once more under the stars, and down by the shore and orchestra’s playing. For our sweetie and all the beginnings of the beguine.
And celebration of all the wonderful days we have spent running and riding in this place and having our snacks on this bench.
He loved this place and the river.

